hello everybody welcome back yes I know
same outfit same day wah wah wah okay
I'm going to go ahead and jump in to
this video this is probably about the
third time that I've tried filming it
this is going to be my mac limited
edition lipstick swatches I wanted to go
ahead and just do it because i did my
permanent line I wanted to go ahead and
do my limited edition just because I
want to um you know Mac always just
Reaper lots of stuff so if you guys see
something that you're like ok I have to
have it just be on an a lookout for it
next time so I have 20 lipsticks and I'm
going to be going over so I don't want
to make this video any longer let's just
go ahead and jump right in first one is
going to be a matte finish which is flat
out fabulous which looks like this a
beautiful type of magenta fuchsia color
and this is the swatch of it right here
is runway hit which is also a matte
finish and is a type of Coralie nude it
is very pretty i love these these came
actually from the same collection very
very pretty next one is a retro matte
which is RiRi boy and that's awesome the
lipsticks in here I don't know if you
guys if it happened to you guys with
that whole how the lipsticks melted and
some people were like their lipstick was
completely mounted it was just like
horrible so yeah my broke but at least
is still like in the form of a of a
lipstick that's right boy next one is a
cream machine finish which is fill my
pulse from the temperature rising
collection very pretty purple which is
this one right there very pretty next
one is a retro matte and this is how i
believe it's high st. from rihanna
collection Ruby loves Mack there's that
next one is a retro matte which is rare
ihrough which is as everybody knows just
like another type of Ruby woo that's
that one right there classic Matt read
this one is in matte which is deeply
adored as you can see I do love my mats
deeply adored which is a type of
midnight plum color next one is a matte
which is fixed on drama I really like
Matt's don't I it's like a brick type of
plummy brown color this one is a satin
which is love goddess look how pretty
that is so this is from the Marilyn
Monroe collection as you can see the
packaging has her on it and then their
signature very pretty is satin which is
sushi kiss this is from the all about
orange collection just a vibrant neon
orange not even me on like a pastel
orange next one is a luster finish which
is flamingo which is a pinkish corley
peachy kind of color so it Celester so
it's not as pigmented but applying it to
the lips it looks very good oh pretty
this is the matte finish this is
pleasure balm so this is another one
from a Rihanna collection which has like
the though Oh like the what is the name
has a good what did they call it a white
okay I'm just going to call it white
it's not white though it's not
completely white white with Michael
rolls gold and then it says RiRi loves
Mack on the lid it's like very I don't
want to blind you because of the lights
and everything it's like the glare but
her package is always really pretty so
that's what the tube looks like the rose
gold and then my hair is pleasure balm
which is also a mat come
pleasure balm right there kind of
matches my nails next one is her rose
gold and like baby pink with like a hot
pink signature same type of packaging
just different colors and then this is
the nude color which is a brownish type
of nude a lot of people i know a lot of
people are are uncomfortable with
wearing in color but i really like it
that's it right there next one is
amplified which is washed me watch me
simmer very pretty look at that color
it's like a pinky peach kind of color
next one is matt sounds like noise which
is from the hayley williams which is I
believe she's from paramore this was her
lipstick make she had a shadow and a
blush for a nail polish one of them and
this is satin finish which is private
party from the sweet indulgence
collection that is very pretty that's
private party the next one is of
amplified finish which is Viva Glam
Nikki to this is I have both of them but
this is the second one the lilac color
very like out there I always put like a
lip gloss on top of it because it's a
little bit too much for me at times and
then this is a satin vintage which is
the Viva Glam one from Nikki as you can
see I used a lot I use it a lot I should
have got a backup I think I was going to
use it as much but there's that right
there now I have so many like bright
pink colors I don't use it as often but
when i first got it I used it a lot
sorry my back is like hurting um next
one is a luster finish which is dish it
up which as you can see it melted and
it's disgusting
but me uh uh what the fake it's broken
there I patted you want to swatch that's
dish it up right there the last one is
raspberry swirl which is a cream she
looks like this kind of looks like st.
Germain so if you guys missed out on
this one st. Germain is very very close
to it and that's that one right there
like a a pastel pink with like a blue
undertone so yeah so those are all my
limited edition mac lipstick swatches
I've been meaning to get this video up
for so long but like I said I recorded
it like a million times and just wasn't
working out so hopefully fingers crossed
this video does come up today with
editing and everything like that I hope
I have no problems for you guys so yeah
I don't want to make this video any
longer let me go ahead and wrap it up
right now I will go ahead and link down
below this tutorial for the makeup look
that I'm wearing today for Valentine's
Day if you guys want to check that out I
will go ahead and link it down below so
thank you guys for watching and I will
talk to you guys next thing by